---
layout: post
title:  "Resume 2023"
date:   2023-03-07 10:25:22 +0900
categories: jekyll update
---
### JavaScript, React, Ruby, HTML5, CSS3, NodeJS
## Experience
### Senior Software Engineer, Loop Commerce/Synchrony Financial
##### Mountain View CA 2019 JUL - 2022 DEC
#### Migration from Backbone to React
- Create react components for reusability and lighter weight, organize code and files for better developer experience.

#### Digital Point of Sales project - Vanilla JavaScript
- Implement a feature that suggests consumers monthly payment offers that will live on retail store’s webpages to increase merchants’ revenue.

#### Corporate Gifting Platform development - React
- Added corporate gifting feature on an existing portal to help companies to give out their employees gifts.

#### GiftNow implementation on retail store product pages - jQuery, Vanilla JavaScript
- Implemented a button to start a gift send flow and fixed bugs, refactored old codes and enhanced functionalities.

### Software Engineer, LG Silicon Valley Lab
##### Santa Clara, CA 2018 JUN - 2019 JUN
#### Web App for configuration of self-driving car simulator - React
- Built from scratch to working version. Worked and tested with simulator team to make sure it works well with it. 

#### React component library
- Implemented React components while focusing on developer experience and user friendly design.
- Built a sample application for cars with the components for a demo at CES 2019.
- Built service layer to serve backend for multiple screens of the car app with node js and sqlite3.

### Software Developer, IBM
##### Toronto, Canada 2015 SEP - 2018 MAY
#### Business Analytics UI toolkit - ReactJS component library
- Worked on building components as discussing with designers and consumers and ranked #1 for fixing defects.

#### Reporting and analytical web application for marketers - Angular 4 and Typescript
- Was instrumental in the success of the GA release and the subsequent releases.
- Led chart edit development working with designers and the other developers to create a better user experience. - Deliberated about problematic technical issues that could arise.
- Wrote tests suing Protractor, Karma and Jasmine.

#### Watson Customer Engagement Charting library - D3
- Implemented bar, line, stacked bar, and combo charts with clickable data points, resizable, expandable legend
options, truncated axis labels and tick labels with tooltips with hover effects, etc.
- Built for a project, and made it modular so that it’s available for the whole division (Watson customer engagement).

### Education
#### University of British Columbia, BC, Canada 2014 MAY
Electrical Engineering with Biomedical option